README.md, before:

# phonebook

simple phonebook application

[![Built with Cookiecutter Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-Cookiecutter%20Django-ff69b4.svg?logo=cookiecutter)](https://github.com/cookiecutter/cookiecutter-django/)
[![Black code style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/ambv/black)

License: MIT

## Settings

Moved to [settings](http://cookiecutter-django.readthedocs.io/en/latest/settings.html).

## Basic Commands

### Setting Up Your Users

- To create a **normal user account**, just go to Sign Up and fill out the form. Once you submit it, you'll see a "Verify Your E-mail Address" page. Go to your console to see a simulated email verification message. Copy the link into your browser. Now the user's email should be verified and ready to go.

- To create a **superuser account**, use this command:

      $ python manage.py createsuperuser

For convenience, you can keep your normal user logged in on Chrome and your superuser logged in on Firefox (or similar), so that you can see how the site behaves for both kinds of users.

### Type checks

Running type checks with mypy:

    $ mypy phonebook

### Test coverage

To run the tests, check your test coverage, and generate an HTML coverage report:

    $ coverage run -m pytest
    $ coverage html
    $ open htmlcov/index.html

#### Running tests with pytest

    $ pytest

### Live reloading and Sass CSS compilation

Moved to [Live reloading and SASS compilation](https://cookiecutter-django.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developing-locally.html#sass-compilation-live-reloading).

## Deployment

The following details how to deploy this application.

### Docker

See detailed [cookiecutter-django Docker documentation](http://cookiecutter-django.readthedocs.io/en/latest/deployment-with-docker.html).

Commit message:

Add database schema and development instructions

README.md, after:

# phonebook

simple phonebook application

[![Built with Cookiecutter Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-Cookiecutter%20Django-ff69b4.svg?logo=cookiecutter)](https://github.com/cookiecutter/cookiecutter-django/)
[![Black code style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/ambv/black)

License: MIT

## Database Schema

Here is the ERD for the database:

![ERD](./docs/erd.png)

The database includes the following tables:

- `Contact`: This table stores information about contacts in the phonebook. Each contact has a name, phone number, and email.

- `CountryCode`: This table stores information about country codes. Each country code has a code and a country name.

- `PhoneNumber`: This table stores phone numbers associated with contacts. Each phone number has a number, a foreign key to the Contact table representing the contact it belongs to, and a foreign key to the CountryCode table representing the country code of the phone number.

## Settings

Moved to [settings](http://cookiecutter-django.readthedocs.io/en/latest/settings.html).

## Basic Commands

### Setting Up Your Users

- To create a **normal user account**, just go to Sign Up and fill out the form. Once you submit it, you'll see a "Verify Your E-mail Address" page. Go to your console to see a simulated email verification message. Copy the link into your browser. Now the user's email should be verified and ready to go.

- To create a **superuser account**, use this command:

      $ python manage.py createsuperuser

For convenience, you can keep your normal user logged in on Chrome and your superuser logged in on Firefox (or similar), so that you can see how the site behaves for both kinds of users.

### Type checks

Running type checks with mypy:

    $ mypy phonebook

### Test coverage

To run the tests, check your test coverage, and generate an HTML coverage report:

    $ coverage run -m pytest
    $ coverage html
    $ open htmlcov/index.html

#### Running tests with pytest

    $ pytest

### Live reloading and Sass CSS compilation

Moved to [Live reloading and SASS compilation](https://cookiecutter-django.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developing-locally.html#sass-compilation-live-reloading).

## Development

To start the development server and build the project, run the following commands:


    $ make build
    $ make up


## Deployment

The following details how to deploy this application.

### Docker

See detailed [cookiecutter-django Docker documentation](http://cookiecutter-django.readthedocs.io/en/latest/deployment-with-docker.html).
